With your programming partner, you will design and write a program using a struct. 
Think about a grouping of data for something you use every day, maybe information about a pet, song, game, car, class you are taking, or anything else that is meaningful to you and your partner. Your program must:

Create a variable of the defined struct in main(). Your struct must have one or two char arrays and at least 3 data members.
Pass the variable by reference to a function and prompt the user for the member information. Make sure to validate all input.
Pass the variable by constant reference to a function to print the members of the struct variable.

A constant reference is usually preferred to passing by copy when the structure is large. Passing large structures by value can decrease a program's performance because a copy of the structure is created. When the struct variable is passed by reference, it isn't copied, but the function does have access to the original argument. To prevent the function from changing the contents, add the const keyword to the reference parameter.

Task:

Open this Discussion Document and make a copy.
Start with the end - design what the user will see when they run your program.
Plan the steps of your algorithm.
Design first, then write your C++ program. You can use Visual Studio for Windows or Xcode for Mac to implement your program.
Update the program header with both partner names and other information 
Post a sharable link of your google doc on this discussion topic. 
Must have 2 other functions with parameters other than main().
All numbers must have data validation and code redundancy must be avoided. Have a function to read integers and doubles separately.

Look at one other student submission and give constructive feedback, using the Discussion Rubric.

Feedback must be meaningful - check out this article on giving effective feedback using SPARK. For example if the struct does not use chat arrays or is not passed to a function by reference, give examples and offer strategy or strategies to improve the work, including possible revisions or links to helpful resources or examples. Please explain the reason for your grade and comments, always using generosity and respect when giving feedback.

All the above aspects must be covered to get points for peer feedback.
